[IMP] toctrees: redesign and new card component (#3326)
odoo/documentation: content/developer/howtos.rst

:nosearch:
:hide-page-toc:

=========
Tutorials
=========
.. raw:: html

  <div>
  <!-- First type of card - Full width card -->

>     <div class="row mb-5 center">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <div class="row mb-4 center">
```

        <div class="col-12 col-xl-8 col-xxl-6">
          <a class="o_toctree_card" href="howtos/rdtraining.html">
            <div class="card">
              <div class="card-body pb-0">
                <h3 class="card-title text-primary mb-1">Getting started</h3>

>                 <p class="card-text text-dark fw-normal">Learn the most important parts of the Odoo development framework to create your own modules with  and for Odoo in this step-by-step tutorial crafted for newcomers and any other individual curious about Odoo development.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                <p class="card-text text-dark fw-normal">Learn the most important parts of the Odoo development framework to create your own modules with and for Odoo in this step-by-step tutorial crafted for newcomers and any other individual curious about Odoo development.</p>
```

              </div>
              <div class="card-footer border-0">
                <span class="badge rounded-pill bg-dark mt-auto mb-2">Beginner</span>
              </div>
            </div>
          </a>
        </div>
    </div>

.. raw:: html

    <!-- NEW ROW WITH SMALL CARDS -->
    <div class="row row-cols-1 row-cols-md-2 row-cols-xl-3 row-cols-xxl-4 g-4 mb-4">
      <!-- 2nd type of card - Small card with badge rounded-pill -->
      <div class="col">

>         <a class="o_toctree_card" href="howtos/company.html">

Reviewer: Wrong URL

          <div class="card h-100">
            <div class="card-body pb-0">
              <h4 class="card-title text-primary mb-1">Building a website</h4>

>               <p class="card-text text-dark fw-normal">Build your first website modules with Odoo</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              <p class="card-text text-dark fw-normal">Build your first website modules with Odoo.</p>
```

            </div>
            <div class="card-footer border-0">
              <span class="badge rounded-pill bg-dark mt-auto mb-2">Beginner</span>
            </div>
          </div>
        </a>
      </div>

      <!-- 3rd type of card - Small card WITHOUT badge rounded-pill -->
      <div class="col">

>         <a class="o_toctree_card" href="howtos/company.html">

Reviewer: Wrong URL

          <div class="card h-100">
            <div class="card-body pb-0">
              <h4 class="card-title text-primary mb-1">Building a module</h4>

>               <p class="card-text text-dark fw-normal">Learn how to build your own Odoo modules</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              <p class="card-text text-dark fw-normal">Learn how to build your own Odoo modules.</p>
```

            </div>
            <div class="card-footer border-0">
              <span class="badge rounded-pill bg-dark mt-auto mb-2">Beginner</span>
            </div>
          </div>
        </a>
      </div>

      <div class="col">
        <a class="o_toctree_card" href="howtos/profilecode.html">
          <div class="card h-100 pb-0">
            <div class="card-body">
              <h4 class="card-title text-primary mb-1">Profiling Odoo code</h4>

>               <p class="card-text text-dark fw-normal">Learn more about Odoo's embedded profiler of code.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              <p class="card-text text-dark fw-normal">Learn more about Odoo's embedded code profiler.</p>
```

            </div>
            <div class="card-footer border-0"></div>
          </div>
        </a>
      </div>

      <div class="col">
        <a class="o_toctree_card" href="howtos/company.html">
          <div class="card h-100 pb-0">
            <div class="card-body">
              <h4 class="card-title text-primary mb-1">Multi-company Guidelines</h4>

>               <p class="card-text text-dark fw-normal">Access information from multiple companies but also to create/edit records in a multi-company environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              <p class="card-text text-dark fw-normal">See how to manage multiple companies and create/edit records in a multi-company environment.
```

            </div>
            <div class="card-footer border-0"></div>
          </div>
        </a>
      </div>

      <div class="col">

>         <a class="o_toctree_card" href="howtos/company.html">

Reviewer: Wrong URL

          <div class="card h-100 pb-0">
            <div class="card-body">
              <h4 class="card-title text-primary mb-1">Accounting localization</h4>

>               <p class="card-text text-dark fw-normal">Build a localization module, bank operation model and create dynamic report</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              <p class="card-text text-dark fw-normal">Read how to build a localization module, create bank operation models and dynamic reports.</p>
```

            </div>
            <div class="card-footer border-0"></div>
          </div>
        </a>
      </div>

      <div class="col">

>         <a class="o_toctree_card" href="howtos/company.html">

Reviewer: Wrong URL

          <div class="card h-100 pb-0">
            <div class="card-body">
              <h4 class="card-title text-primary mb-1">Translating Modules</h4>

>               <p class="card-text text-dark fw-normal">Implicit and explicit export of translatable term</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              <p class="card-text text-dark fw-normal">See how to provide translation abilities to your module.</p>
```
